The Joe Rogan.
Experience. Look at where they were in 2014.
Look where they are now with faking the Chris Cuomo thing. They've they've,
that's it's.
Natural. You think, you think that's his idea? The, the Chris Cuomo thing is,
oh.
No, pretty gross. Did you, did you hear what he said on his radio show? No.
What he said, he said, I don't find value in what I do. I think it's ridiculous.
He said, I don't like what I do for a living. I don't.
Like my occupation, I think, you know,
and then he said something to the effect of,
I'll never beat them in reference to like hand and, uh,
Maddow or something like that. I think he beat them in ratings. Yeah.
In ratings. Oh, he's their biggest show. He is.
I'm pretty sure Cuomo's their biggest show. Yeah.
He's the only one that seems to be a man.
And he doesn't crack a million in the ratings. Really? Yeah.
It's like eight and I think it's like hundred to 900. I think he,
he periodically might, the ratings might be going up. I could be wrong. So, uh,
check the latest stats. But I here's what I think he had. But I think the,
the CEO producers went to him and said, look, man, you, you, you got this thing.
Like we should, we should, we should run with it. Let's like go to your house.
We'll film it. We'll make it this big deal. You think so?
And I think it wasn't that bad. I think he had mild symptoms. Look,
the dude went out, the guy left his home. He.
Was, when he was talking about the, the issues he was having,
he was, he seemed normal. Right?
Like here's what I would expect from someone who was as sick as he seemed to be.
I don't feel that good, but Hey, I'm one of the lucky ones.
No, he seemed.
Totally normal. Yeah. That's what I would expect.
He's saying he's sh shivering so hard. He's chipping his teeth seems ridiculous.
Yeah. It doesn't.
Seem, I'm not gonna, I don't know.
I mean maybe when it is nighttime and you're tired,
cuz one of the things I remember, um,
last time I was sick was quite a while ago. At the end of the night,
I'd be like really achy cuz I was tired and I was, as I was tired,
my immune system would be depleted and then I would feel the effects of the cold
more. And then you wake up in the morning. You feel a lot better. Maybe he pops.
On ibuprofen. I know he was taking Tylenol. So you're not.
Supposed to take ibuprofen for this for some reason.
Well he said, I think.
He was taking Tylenol.
Well my friend Michael yo said that he was told to take ibuprofen.
And when he did it, made it way worse. Oh wow. Yeah.
Well, so, so here's here's what can I say? I'm not gonna accuse the guy.
A lot of people are he never even got sick? I don't think that's the case. He.
Probably got sick. He tested positive, but I think he,
it seemed fairly mild in comparison to other people like Michael yo,
when I talked to him, well, first of all, when he was doing a video,
talking about recovering from, it was coughing. Even in the video,
he was coughing when he was talking about, on Instagram thinking everybody.
But he had a bad case of it where he got pneumonia and it was rough.
And you know, Michael's a healthy guy. So that was disturbing to me.
But the Chris Cuomo version of coronavirus didn't seem that scary. The dude.
Wasn't quarantined. Okay. He, he went out to some property,
30 minutes from his home, presumably with his family,
he was witnessed by somebody else. You're.
Not supposed to do that. Right?
You no, you're not. I mean, it's not just that,
but on CNN they said he was locked down. Right.
They did this whole reveal where he comes outta the basement. Exactly.
Instead of been waiting for this was a lot also.
Do a TikTok dance with his daughter or something. Oh, I don't know about that.
I think he did.
But I think the reason he went on his show complaining was because the was.
Coming. The producers told him to, to do this fake thing. Oh.
And he didn't wanna do it about the tracking. The COVID tracking the, the.
Which is just, it sounds scary to me. Yeah. Get the outta that's some NSA.
That's really scary. They're.
Gonna keep going.
This is what things do they like if it's your job to try to do something like
this, to try implement something where you can get people to agree to tracking.
If it's your job to do that, you're gonna keep going. Yes you are. Once if,
once you get that tracking, then you're gonna want some new.
Then you want cameras in front of people's houses to see if they really are
quarantining. You know, they're doing that in China. Yes.
This guy just got back from a trip in China.
They give him a 14 day quarantine and they put a can hammer right in front of
his door. That's weird. He's like, whoa,
like you're not going anywhere for 14 days. And we're watching you. It's also.
Strange for people in politics to encourage society, to snitch on people.
That's weird. That's a level of, of tracking's.
That's our main.
I know. But don't you think that's weird and wrong.
It's weird in and wrong,
but it's even worse if you're offering rewards' that's if you're saying,
if you're saying you usually SNIS get stitches,
but this all the good reward you guys.
Are gonna get riches. <laugh>.
<Laugh>.
You know what it is, Joe? Honestly, it's, it's a behavior change.
It's a weird step towards this tracking system.
That's going to be implemented that. Right. They're starting to be like, oh,
it's okay. We're going to reinforce you guys being stitches. It's it's snitches.
It's fine. Here's a little treat for you.
Here's 500 bucks for letting me know that Karen was out not doing the proper
protocol.
<Laugh> meanwhile, there's there have been that many deaths,
like relative of Lee to what they thought they were going to be.
And so that means it's a success.
So that means the way it's being implemented so far has been a success.
Like you're getting it more aggressive with it. Even though the line is,
are way lower than we thought they were going to be. What are we doing, George?
We're doing the right thing. Understand that. It's hard for people. If just,
you know, keep an eye on each other. Don't let people do stupid.
You shouldn't have parties,
but you also shouldn't give people rewards to snitch. No, that's not.
Don't have a house. I saw a house party the other day where people had masks on.
So someone put it up on their Instagram. I'm like, this is,
it might have been little Duval. Little Duval has the best.
He's the best Instagram follow out there. It's so good. It's so good.
And he posts all day. He's just getting high posted. <laugh> we'll do all.
He posted the funniest, but he.
Really does. That house party was packed.
Yeah. It was a, it was a packed house party.
I think it said something like if these people ain't dead in 14 days,
I'm gonna go out. <laugh>.
When I first looked at this and I heard about Wuhan and I heard that there was
a, I don't say not a weapons lab maybe, but maybe it's a weapons lab. Um,
but at least a lab doing research in infectious diseases,
a couple miles from these wet markets where they're saying that this thing broke
out. Um,
there are cases in the former Soviet union of them doing these,
this research into infectious diseases and weaponizing it and then having it get
out because the protocols weren't followed or whatever else and kills a few
people and they hush hush it cuz it's uh, 1960 something or 1970 something. Uh,
so there is precedent and it wouldn't be beyond the,
beyond the pale to think that, oh,
someone was doing some sort of research and it doesn't even have to be
weaponization. It can just be, they're just studying this infectious disease,
not even weaponizing it and someone contracts it somehow in that lab
and then brings it outside.
Yeah. That's the controversial theory. So here's the thing.
The controversial experiments in Wuhan lab suspected of starting the coronavirus
pandemic and says the case against a Wuhan lab. And so, uh,
it says why the Wuhan lab remains a suspect in the coronavirus investigation.
I mean, it's really likely that we never really will know. Right.
But they most certainly were working on viruses similar to this one right there.
The.
End of this article says there's another one called uh,
rat R ATG, which is very, very similar to the SARS.
COVID two one that we're experiencing now. Oh terrific.
They share 96% of the same genetic material.
Yeah. Wow. It's not to be the most similar to the SARS. COVID two, uh,
of any known virus, the two share 96% of their genetic material, that 4% gap,
but still be a formidable gap for animal passage. Research says Ralph Barrack,
virologist, university of North Carolina,
probably in bed with the Russians mm-hmm <affirmative> who collaborated <laugh>
like when you found out that a Harvard guy got arrested that uh,
cuz he was uh, taking money from Russia or excuse me,
taking money from China cuz he was uh, doing something with them. Yeah.
I mean it's real spooky. What's really spooky.
The world health organization is essentially in bed with, with China. Yeah.
And they're not giving us a hundred percent clear detailed information.
Everything gets filtered down through the Chinese propaganda system. Oh sure,
sure. Very.
Dangerous. And they also were exceedingly, we, we don't own the numbers. Right.
And we can't trust China,
but it seems like they were a little more prepared for, for this than we were,
uh, with as far as testing kids goes and all that.
So if you're doing re if there's a lab where you're doing research similar to
this close by there there's a history, uh, of other countries,
maybe even China too, of doing research into infectious diseases,
not following protocols that we would here in the United States.
They're not all as,
as safe as they are shocker here in the United States where we're doing this
same type of research, then it gets out and then they just happen to have, uh,
a lot of these kits ready to go for testing. Um, I don't.
Know, but again, what else are you gonna do? So,
so tiger king killed some time and then the aftermath of tiger king killed some
more time, but then we still got like six more weeks. So what do we do now?
I think we're supposed to be May 15th, right?
May fifteenth's gonna end that's the.
Yeah, I think that's the latest projected date, but.
The governor just stopped people from going to the parks and beaches. Well,
that was a new, uh, thing today. Yeah.
I think, you know, you know what it is, this is my theory.
Like we can't have nice things, you know, whenever they give us something nice,
we don't, you know, like a little kid up nice and they break it. So it's like,
okay, we're gonna let you go to the beach. It's like, no,
you're not supposed to be playing volleyball and laying like,
like just you're supposed to keep moving. Right.
You're supposed to like walk or ride a bike or right. Go surf or this.
But you weren't, it's supposed to just mingle gathering groups.
And of course we're gathering groups with party and they're like, all right, no,
you can't, you don't have to had had.
Specific rules.
Like you weren't allowed to stay put like you couldn't lean on things.
Couldn't sit down.
Right. Cause you go walk around. I was riding, I rode,
I rode my motorcycle along PCH.
And you would people they'd park their car along PCH. Right.
And they'd sit on the car and kinda like look at the beach and stuff like,
and so I guess you,
each one of them had a car's distance between them cuz you
you're sitting on your car,
the next person sitting on their car mm-hmm <affirmative>.
But then I passed this, um, Neptune's net,
which is like a big motorcycle hang out.
And there were maybe 20 bikes in a row parked and the guys
were all just kind of hanging out and it was like, no man, like that,
you can't do that. You know what I mean? Mm-hmm <affirmative> like a,
motorcycle's the ultimate social distancing vehicle. Right?
You're you're by yourself, you wearing a jacket, gloves, a helmet.
You're not reading on anybody. Yeah. But when you stop,
you can't just all hang out like normal, you know? And that,
that was the part that, uh, that I think that that's where they're like, no,
we're not gonna do it. Cuz I think, you know, this Georgia and Florida,
whatever. It's like, they're like the experiment man. They're like, all right.
Yeah. Let's let them get out and then let's wait two weeks and see what happens.
Yeah.
Exactly. You know, that's exactly what it's like.